Update newsletter-June21.md (#518)
alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience: project-communications/newsletter/newsletter-June21.md

**Hi everyone!!**

Firstly, thank you for opening and reading this month's newsletter 😄 We are so happy you are here!
June is very quickly coming to an end and there has been a lot going on here at AutSPACEs. 

> There is a lot of change happening right now with the COVID roadmap having come out a couple of months ago and things starting to open up.

Reviewer: If your participants include also those not from the UK, maybe drop the Covid roadmap or city opening up.

> If anyone is struggling with these challenging times, we hope that the citizen science community can offer your support and connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If anyone is struggling during this challenging time, we hope that the citizen science community can offer your support and connection.
```

Email [Lotty](mailto:ccoupat@turing.ac.uk) to let us know if we can help you with involvement, and do feel free to share this newsletter with anyone who you think would be interested in joining us.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

They can sign up by following this link: https://tinyletter.com/AutisticaTuringCitizenScience.

Best wishes to everyone! 💮

# Project Update

The most recent updates on the project and its progress can be found [here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/tree/master/project-management/project-updates).

A lot of our resource has been going towards roadmapping the project and ensuring all our issues are up to date! 

> Our latest roadmap can be found in our GitHub repository [here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/tree/master/project-management/project-roadmap).

Reviewer: Maybe flip the order of these two paragraphs
